alright everybody this is our first team
break for 2012 topps chrome hobby we did
hit an Andrew Luck auto I believe this
is a the variation short print variation
refractor pretty nice auto to hit Andrew
Luck and not to be left out we also hit
Robert Griffin the third we hit a patch
auto 18 of 50 so Robert Griffin the
third patch auto Andrew Luck auto we hit
tons of parallels and color and all that
so devier posey brian quick this will
actually come with a blue wave pack as
well which could have another auto in it
TJ Graham Nick Foles Dontari Poe Isaiah
Pead nicktoons this is the camouflage
refractor it's 27 of 105 Michael Floyd
this is the pink refractor it's 32 of 75
Brandon Weeden to the black refractor
and this is 23 of 25 and then we hit a
Michael Agnew um nineteen eighty four
tops on card refractor auto 13 of 15
there we hit a ton of color non-auto
we've got pink we've got blue
the prism were pretty prevalent there
was a Michael Vick in there that Wilson
Valdez said was a prison refractor but
it's not he was lying it's just a prison
refractor here are the camouflage
refractors and black refractors and then
these were number two seventy-five these
are the the sepia refractors all right
Gold refractors we hit two gold tee
white hilton and lavonte david both
rookies so two gold refractors those are
250 we hit some some insert refractors
here's a red refractor tall boy Isaiah
Pead and that is 43 of 75 on that one we
hit the Robert Griffin short print
variation so a nice nice haul for the
Redskins we hit a Brock Osweiler 83 of
99 for the 84 tops a refractor and then
we hit a Doug Martin 57 I think 57 tops
refractor doug martin 69 of 99 but then
to top off this awesome case we also hit
the eric legrand tampa bay bucs super
fraktur that is one of one super factor
of 2012 topps chrome football alright
guys thanks a lot um we're filling the
second case now we might actually open
it tonight so but i'll check that thread
in about 15-20 minutes alright guys
thanks for watching and I'll talk to you
later